1)  Why does React use virtual DOM to detect required DOM updates?
It's easier for react to compare two  objects than to deal directly with the DOM itself. 
It creates a virtual DOM object and compares it to the new virtual DOM object after a state change to see what it needs to render.


2)  How is useMemo() different from memo()?
Both useMemo() and memo() are optimization techniques that help prevent unecessary re-renders but they serve different
purposes and are used in different contexts.

memo() is a higher-order component that memoizes (caches) an entire component.  memo() is for components.

useMemo() is a hook that memoizes (caches) a specific value or calculation within a component.  useMemo() is for functions.

An  HOC is a function that accepts another function for its argument.

memo() is used when you want to prevent an entire component from rerendering.
useMemo() is used when you want cache a specific expensive calculation or value creation inside a component.


3)  What's the idea behind code splitting and the lazy() function?
Code splitting is a way to prevent loading all of your code upfront.  Load it only when needed.
The lazy() function allows React to dynamically load components while Suspense displays a fallback UI while the component is being loaded. 


lecture notes:
Revisiting component evaluation's and updates
component functions get executed for two reasons:
1) internal state changes. 2) Their parent component function is executed.

When a parent component function is called so are all of its children.


What happens to the DOM when a function is called?
React evaluates, whether an update is needed or not to the user interface.
Manipulating the DOM has high performance costs. It's ideal to avoid DOM manipulation, especially since react function components get involved often.
React doesn't simply replace the old DOM with the new DOM it's very selective and only updates what's necessary.
It does this through the virtual DOM.

Virtual Dom vs the Real DOM
Virtual DOM is an object representation of the real DOM. 
It's easier for JavaScript to compare two JSON objects than to compare the real DOM.
The virtual DOM is not a browser feature. It's a React feature. 
You don't ever need to work with the virtual DOM.
We're going over the virtual DOM so that you know how to react works behind the scenes.
